---
title: Get started with virtual entities (Developer Guide for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement) | MicrosoftDocs
ms.date: 10/31/2017
ms.service: crm-online
ms.topic: get-started-article
applies_to:
- Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement (online)
ms.assetid: 14c5fbbc-98db-4e49-b245-2c84c1cd11cd
author: jimdaly
ms.author: jdaly
manager: amyla
search.audienceType:
- developer
search.app:
- D365CE
ms.openlocfilehash: e9df717f01e5ceed63bc6a41025d802d78f1b775
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9f0efd59de16a6d9902fa372cb25fc0baf1c2838
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: vi-VN
ms.lasthandoff: 01/08/2019
ms.locfileid: "387052"
---
# <a name="get-started-with-virtual-entities"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1e91-102">Get started with virtual entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-102">Get started with virtual entities</span></span>

[!INCLUDE[](../../includes/cc_applies_to_update_9_0_0.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-103">Starting with the [!INCLUDE[pn-crm-9-0-0-online](../../includes/pn-crm-9-0-0-online.md)], virtual entities enable the integration of data residing in external systems by seamlessly representing that data as entities in Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps, without replication of data and often without custom coding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-103">Starting with the [!INCLUDE[pn-crm-9-0-0-online](../../includes/pn-crm-9-0-0-online.md)], virtual entities enable the integration of data residing in external systems by seamlessly representing that data as entities in Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps, without replication of data and often without custom coding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-104">The initial implementation of this feature provides just read-only support for such entities, and has a number of other limitations described in the section [Limitations of Virtual Entities](#limitations-of-virtual-entities) below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-104">The initial implementation of this feature provides just read-only support for such entities, and has a number of other limitations described in the section [Limitations of Virtual Entities](#limitations-of-virtual-entities) below.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-105">Besides these limitations, virtual entities behave the same as other custom entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-105">Besides these limitations, virtual entities behave the same as other custom entities.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-106">Virtual entities replace previous client-side and server-side approaches to integrating external data, which required customized code and suffered from numerous limitations, including imperfect integration, data duplication, or extensive commitment of development resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-106">Virtual entities replace previous client-side and server-side approaches to integrating external data, which required customized code and suffered from numerous limitations, including imperfect integration, data duplication, or extensive commitment of development resources.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-107">In addition, for administrators and system customizers, the use of virtual entities greatly simplifies administration and configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-107">In addition, for administrators and system customizers, the use of virtual entities greatly simplifies administration and configuration.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-108">This section discusses the implications of virtual entities for developers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-108">This section discusses the implications of virtual entities for developers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-109">For more information about managing virtual entities from the user interface, see [Create and edit virtual entities](../../customize/create-edit-virtual-entities.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-109">For more information about managing virtual entities from the user interface, see [Create and edit virtual entities](../../customize/create-edit-virtual-entities.md).</span></span> 

## <a name="virtual-entities-data-providers-and-data-sources"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1e91-110">Virtual entities, data providers and data sources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-110">Virtual entities, data providers and data sources</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-111">A virtual entity is a definition of an entity in the [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps platform metadata without the associated physical tables for entity instances created in the [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-111">A virtual entity is a definition of an entity in the [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps platform metadata without the associated physical tables for entity instances created in the [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps database.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-112">Instead during runtime, when an entity instance is required, its state is dynamically retrieved from the associated external system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-112">Instead during runtime, when an entity instance is required, its state is dynamically retrieved from the associated external system.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-113">Each virtual entity type is associated with a *virtual entity data provider* and (optionally) some configuration information from an associated *virtual entity data source*.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-113">Each virtual entity type is associated with a *virtual entity data provider* and (optionally) some configuration information from an associated *virtual entity data source*.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-114">A data provider is a particular type of [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] [plugin](../plugin-development.md), which is registered against CRUD events that occur in the platform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-114">A data provider is a particular type of [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] [plugin](../plugin-development.md), which is registered against CRUD events that occur in the platform.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-115">This initial release only supports READ operations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-115">This initial release only supports READ operations.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-116">The following data providers ship with [!INCLUDE[pn-crm-9-0-0-online](../../includes/pn-crm-9-0-0-online.md)]:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-116">The following data providers ship with [!INCLUDE[pn-crm-9-0-0-online](../../includes/pn-crm-9-0-0-online.md)]:</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-117">An [OData v4](http://www.odata.org/documentation/) provider is included with the service and is installed by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-117">An [OData v4](http://www.odata.org/documentation/) provider is included with the service and is installed by default.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-118">An [Azure Cosmos DB](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db) (formerly _Microsoft Document DB_) provider is available from [AppSource](https://appsource.microsoft.com).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-118">An [Azure Cosmos DB](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db) (formerly _Microsoft Document DB_) provider is available from [AppSource](https://appsource.microsoft.com).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-119">Additional providers will be made available by Microsoft, its partners, or other third parties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-119">Additional providers will be made available by Microsoft, its partners, or other third parties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-120">If a data provider cannot be found for your external data source, you can develop a _custom virtual entity data provider_; for more information, see [Virtual entity data providers](custom-ve-data-providers.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-120">If a data provider cannot be found for your external data source, you can develop a _custom virtual entity data provider_; for more information, see [Virtual entity data providers](custom-ve-data-providers.md).</span></span>

## <a name="virtual-entity-creation-and-mapping"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1e91-121">Virtual entity creation and mapping</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-121">Virtual entity creation and mapping</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-122">Initially, defining a virtual entity is the same as defining a custom entity: you specify the entity, attributes, and relationships for the new virtual entity type.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-122">Initially, defining a virtual entity is the same as defining a custom entity: you specify the entity, attributes, and relationships for the new virtual entity type.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-123">However, additionally, you then connect the virtual entity to a data provider to manage data retrieval.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-123">However, additionally, you then connect the virtual entity to a data provider to manage data retrieval.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-124">The custom entity type and its fields must be mapped to the corresponding data in the external data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-124">The custom entity type and its fields must be mapped to the corresponding data in the external data source.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-125">For example, a virtual entity might be represented as a row in an external relational database, and each of its fields might correspond to a column in that row.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-125">For example, a virtual entity might be represented as a row in an external relational database, and each of its fields might correspond to a column in that row.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-126">(Note that these external data names are often different than their corresponding virtual entity names.) A specific, required mapping occurs for the entity ID field: the data provider must be able to provide this GUID and associate it to the external record that represents this entity instance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-126">(Note that these external data names are often different than their corresponding virtual entity names.) A specific, required mapping occurs for the entity ID field: the data provider must be able to provide this GUID and associate it to the external record that represents this entity instance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-127">The most direct way to achieve this is to actually use GUIDs as primary keys in the external data source.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-127">The most direct way to achieve this is to actually use GUIDs as primary keys in the external data source.</span></span>  

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-128">In this example, a corresponding virtual entity data source would also be provided to supply user and connection information for the external database.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-128">In this example, a corresponding virtual entity data source would also be provided to supply user and connection information for the external database.</span></span>

## <a name="limitations-of-virtual-entities"></a><span data-ttu-id="b1e91-129">Limitations of Virtual Entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-129">Limitations of Virtual Entities</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-130">In this release, there are some limitations to virtual entities that you need to be aware of when evaluating whether you can use virtual entities with your external data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-130">In this release, there are some limitations to virtual entities that you need to be aware of when evaluating whether you can use virtual entities with your external data.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-131">Data is read-only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-131">Data is read-only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-132">The virtual entity feature doesn’t support pushing changes made in [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps back to the external system.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-132">The virtual entity feature doesn’t support pushing changes made in [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps back to the external system.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-133">Only organization-owned entities are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-133">Only organization-owned entities are supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-134">The security filtering applied to user-owned entities is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-134">The security filtering applied to user-owned entities is not supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-135">Access to the virtual entity data can be turned on or off for individual users based on their security role.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-135">Access to the virtual entity data can be turned on or off for individual users based on their security role.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-136">Field-level security is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-136">Field-level security is not supported.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-137">It must be possible to model the external data as a [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-137">It must be possible to model the external data as a [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-138">This means:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-138">This means:</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-139">All entities in the external data source must have an associated GUID primary key.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-139">All entities in the external data source must have an associated GUID primary key.</span></span>  
  - <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-140">All entity properties must be represented as [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps attributes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-140">All entity properties must be represented as [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps attributes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-141">You can use simple types representing text, numbers, optionsets, dates, images, and lookups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-141">You can use simple types representing text, numbers, optionsets, dates, images, and lookups.</span></span> 
  - <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-142">You must be able to model any entity relationships in [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-142">You must be able to model any entity relationships in [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps.</span></span>
  - <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-143">An attribute on a virtual entity cannot be calculated or rollup.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-143">An attribute on a virtual entity cannot be calculated or rollup.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-144">Any desired calculations must be done on the external side, possibly within or directed by the data provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-144">Any desired calculations must be done on the external side, possibly within or directed by the data provider.</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-145">Auditing and change tracking is not supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-145">Auditing and change tracking is not supported.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-146">These may be implemented within the external data store.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-146">These may be implemented within the external data store.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-147">Virtual entities cannot be enabled for queues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-147">Virtual entities cannot be enabled for queues.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-148">Offline caching of values is not supported for virtual entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-148">Offline caching of values is not supported for virtual entities.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-149">A virtual entity cannot represent an activity and do not support business process flows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-149">A virtual entity cannot represent an activity and do not support business process flows.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-150">Once created, a virtual entity cannot be changed to be a standard (non-virtual) entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-150">Once created, a virtual entity cannot be changed to be a standard (non-virtual) entity.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="b1e91-151">The reverse is also true: a standard entity cannot be converted into a virtual entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-151">The reverse is also true: a standard entity cannot be converted into a virtual entity.</span></span>

<!-- TODO: Make bulleted list into table.  Make more complete by reviewing API modification tables. -->

<span data-ttu-id="b1e91-152">For more information about how these limitations are reflected in the [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps API, see [API considerations of virtual entities](api-considerations-ve.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b1e91-152">For more information about how these limitations are reflected in the [!INCLUDE[pn-dynamics365](../../includes/pn-dynamics-365.md)] for Customer Engagement apps API, see [API considerations of virtual entities](api-considerations-ve.md).</span></span> 
