---
title: Create accessible web resources (Developer Guide for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps) | MicrosoftDocs
description: The topic introduces general guidance and links to more resources that will help you design web resource user interface elements that are accessible to people with disabilities.
ms.custom: ''
ms.date: 10/31/2017
ms.reviewer: ''
ms.service: crm-online
ms.suite: ''
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ''
ms.topic: article
applies_to:
- Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement (online)
ms.assetid: 6235894d-218b-4ac7-8edd-0dd0517a5f0d
caps.latest.revision: 22
author: JimDaly
ms.author: jdaly
manager: amyla
search.audienceType:
- developer
search.app:
- D365CE
ms.openlocfilehash: 8495a619200edc8e98226893735cbd6220dd321f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9f0efd59de16a6d9902fa372cb25fc0baf1c2838
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: vi-VN
ms.lasthandoff: 01/08/2019
ms.locfileid: "387787"
---
# <a name="create-accessible-web-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="e51b0-103">Create accessible web resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-103">Create accessible web resources</span></span>

[!INCLUDE[](../includes/cc_applies_to_update_9_0_0.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-104">When you include web resources that provide user interface elements in your solution, make sure that you include requirements that let people with disabilities use your web resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-104">When you include web resources that provide user interface elements in your solution, make sure that you include requirements that let people with disabilities use your web resources.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-105">The [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] application user interface elements follow standards and best practices that will allow for equivalent functionality for all users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-105">The [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] application user interface elements follow standards and best practices that will allow for equivalent functionality for all users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-106">People with disabilities may rely on the use of assistive technology (AT) such as screen readers or a variety of alternative input devices to interact with applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-106">People with disabilities may rely on the use of assistive technology (AT) such as screen readers or a variety of alternative input devices to interact with applications.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-107">This topic introduces general guidance and links to more resources that will help you design web resource user interface elements that are accessible to people with disabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-107">This topic introduces general guidance and links to more resources that will help you design web resource user interface elements that are accessible to people with disabilities.</span></span>  
  
<a name="BKMK_AT"></a>   
## <a name="assistive-technology"></a><span data-ttu-id="e51b0-108">Assistive technology</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-108">Assistive technology</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-109">There are a variety of assistive technology (AT) applications that include screen readers, Braille terminals, and speech recognition software.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-109">There are a variety of assistive technology (AT) applications that include screen readers, Braille terminals, and speech recognition software.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-110">These applications provide an intermediary with your user interface elements so that people using the AT application can use your program.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-110">These applications provide an intermediary with your user interface elements so that people using the AT application can use your program.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-111">For Windows applications, the Microsoft UI Automation (UIA) classes provide programmatic access to user interface elements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-111">For Windows applications, the Microsoft UI Automation (UIA) classes provide programmatic access to user interface elements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-112">These classes support both automated testing and AT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-112">These classes support both automated testing and AT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-113">AT applications can use the properties and elements defined by the developer and exposed through UIA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-113">AT applications can use the properties and elements defined by the developer and exposed through UIA.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-114">A windows application developer has considerable control over how their UI elements are exposed by using UIA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-114">A windows application developer has considerable control over how their UI elements are exposed by using UIA.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-115">For web applications, certain HTML elements are exposed through the Document Object Model (DOM).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-115">For web applications, certain HTML elements are exposed through the Document Object Model (DOM).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-116">The browser converts DOM elements to UIA objects with properties and events that AT can use to enable the user to use the web application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-116">The browser converts DOM elements to UIA objects with properties and events that AT can use to enable the user to use the web application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-117">The developer has limited control over how the UI elements are exposed by the browser that uses UIA.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-117">The developer has limited control over how the UI elements are exposed by the browser that uses UIA.</span></span>  
  
<a name="BKMK_HTMLWebResources"></a>   
## <a name="accessible-html-web-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="e51b0-118">Accessible HTML web resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-118">Accessible HTML web resources</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-119">The HTML in your web resources is processed by the browser and made available to AT applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-119">The HTML in your web resources is processed by the browser and made available to AT applications.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-120">The first thing to consider is making sure that your HTML follows expected patterns of usage.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-120">The first thing to consider is making sure that your HTML follows expected patterns of usage.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-121">For example, you can define an HTML `div` element with a click event so that it functions exactly like an HTML `button` element.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-121">For example, you can define an HTML `div` element with a click event so that it functions exactly like an HTML `button` element.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-122">However, the browser will not expect that a `div` element is being used as a button and will not expose the same properties and events to an AT application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-122">However, the browser will not expect that a `div` element is being used as a button and will not expose the same properties and events to an AT application.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-123">It is important that you use the correct HTML elements for the types of interactions users will have with your web resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-123">It is important that you use the correct HTML elements for the types of interactions users will have with your web resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-124">This is known as [semantic HTML](https://msdn.microsoft.com/gg671917.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-124">This is known as [semantic HTML](https://msdn.microsoft.com/gg671917.aspx).</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-125">However, semantic HTML can only go so far.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-125">However, semantic HTML can only go so far.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-126">Modern web applications typically include custom controls that are composed of many HTML elements working together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-126">Modern web applications typically include custom controls that are composed of many HTML elements working together.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-127">Page content that is frequently updated dynamically using asynchronous [!INCLUDE[pn_JavaScript](../includes/pn-javascript.md)] is confusing for AT applications that rely only on semantic HTML.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-127">Page content that is frequently updated dynamically using asynchronous [!INCLUDE[pn_JavaScript](../includes/pn-javascript.md)] is confusing for AT applications that rely only on semantic HTML.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-128">[Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/gg671918.aspx) technology provides a solution by extending HTML with additional attributes that communicate custom semantics.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-128">[Accessible Rich Internet Applications (ARIA)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/gg671918.aspx) technology provides a solution by extending HTML with additional attributes that communicate custom semantics.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-129">ARIA provides a standard set of extended attributes that can be applied to HTML elements that are used in a control, or “widget.”</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-129">ARIA provides a standard set of extended attributes that can be applied to HTML elements that are used in a control, or “widget.”</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-130">These attributes describe the role that the HTML element plays in the control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-130">These attributes describe the role that the HTML element plays in the control.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-131">ARIA also provides capabilities to improve the navigation experience and make the user aware of elements that may be updated dynamically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-131">ARIA also provides capabilities to improve the navigation experience and make the user aware of elements that may be updated dynamically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-132">The recommended practice is to layer ARIA over semantic HTML.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-132">The recommended practice is to layer ARIA over semantic HTML.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-133">In addition to including support for AT, there are other requirements you have to consider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-133">In addition to including support for AT, there are other requirements you have to consider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-134">For example, how does the UI adjust when the user increases the text size?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-134">For example, how does the UI adjust when the user increases the text size?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-135">Does your UI require that the user be able to differentiate colors to perform tasks?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-135">Does your UI require that the user be able to differentiate colors to perform tasks?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-136">Can all actions be performed by using a keyboard?</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-136">Can all actions be performed by using a keyboard?</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-137">For more information, see [Introduction to Web Accessibility](https://msdn.microsoft.com/windows/gg671915).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-137">For more information, see [Introduction to Web Accessibility](https://msdn.microsoft.com/windows/gg671915).</span></span>  
  
<a name="BKMK_SilverlightWebResources"></a>   
## <a name="accessible-silverlight-web-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="e51b0-138">Accessible Silverlight web resources</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-138">Accessible Silverlight web resources</span></span>  
 [!INCLUDE[pn_Silverlight_short](../includes/pn-silverlight-short.md)] <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-139">web resources are hosted in a [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] apps form or an HTML web resource and the UI is rendered by the [!INCLUDE[pn_Silverlight_short](../includes/pn-silverlight-short.md)] browser plug-in.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-139">web resources are hosted in a [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] apps form or an HTML web resource and the UI is rendered by the [!INCLUDE[pn_Silverlight_short](../includes/pn-silverlight-short.md)] browser plug-in.</span></span> [!INCLUDE[pn_Silverlight_short](../includes/pn-silverlight-short.md)] <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-140">is a subset of the Windows Presentation Framework (WPF) and therefore programmatic access and AT are exposed by using UIA that resembles WPF windows applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-140">is a subset of the Windows Presentation Framework (WPF) and therefore programmatic access and AT are exposed by using UIA that resembles WPF windows applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-141">For more information, see [Silverlight Accessibility for Developers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/windows/gg591270).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-141">For more information, see [Silverlight Accessibility for Developers](https://msdn.microsoft.com/windows/gg591270).</span></span>  
  
<a name="BKMK_AccessiblityTestingTools"></a>   
## <a name="accessibility-testing-tools"></a><span data-ttu-id="e51b0-142">Accessibility testing tools</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-142">Accessibility testing tools</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-143">The following list provides some publicly available accessibility testing tools:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-143">The following list provides some publicly available accessibility testing tools:</span></span>  
  
 [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-144">Visual Studio Accessibility Checker</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-144">Visual Studio Accessibility Checker</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms228004)  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-145">If you are using [!INCLUDE[pn_Visual_Studio](../includes/pn-visual-studio.md)] to edit your HTML web resource files, you will find that there are built-in tools to check for issues related to accessibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-145">If you are using [!INCLUDE[pn_Visual_Studio](../includes/pn-visual-studio.md)] to edit your HTML web resource files, you will find that there are built-in tools to check for issues related to accessibility.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-146">In the **Tools** menu, select **Check Accessibility** to see a report that will provide guidance about accessibility related issues.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-146">In the **Tools** menu, select **Check Accessibility** to see a report that will provide guidance about accessibility related issues.</span></span>  
  
 [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-147">UI Accessibility Checker</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-147">UI Accessibility Checker</span></span>](http://acccheck.codeplex.com/)  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-148">UI Accessibility Checker (or AccChecker) enables testers to easily discover accessibility problems with [!INCLUDE[cc_Microsoft](../includes/cc-microsoft.md)] Active Accessibility (MSAA) and other user interface (UI) implementations for [!INCLUDE[pn_ms_Windows_short](../includes/pn-ms-windows-short.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-148">UI Accessibility Checker (or AccChecker) enables testers to easily discover accessibility problems with [!INCLUDE[cc_Microsoft](../includes/cc-microsoft.md)] Active Accessibility (MSAA) and other user interface (UI) implementations for [!INCLUDE[pn_ms_Windows_short](../includes/pn-ms-windows-short.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-149">AccChecker was born from the realization that existing [!INCLUDE[pn_ms_Windows_short](../includes/pn-ms-windows-short.md)] Automation API tools, such as Inspect, provided in-depth details on the implementation, but no information about whether that implementation is correct or not.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-149">AccChecker was born from the realization that existing [!INCLUDE[pn_ms_Windows_short](../includes/pn-ms-windows-short.md)] Automation API tools, such as Inspect, provided in-depth details on the implementation, but no information about whether that implementation is correct or not.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-150">[Inspect (Inspect.exe)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/dd318521\(v=vs.85\).aspx)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-150">[Inspect (Inspect.exe)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/dd318521\(v=vs.85\).aspx)</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-151">Inspect (Inspect.exe) is a Windows-based tool that enables you select any UI element and view the element's accessibility data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-151">Inspect (Inspect.exe) is a Windows-based tool that enables you select any UI element and view the element's accessibility data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-152">You can view Microsoft UI Automation properties and control patterns in addition to Microsoft Active Accessibility properties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-152">You can view Microsoft UI Automation properties and control patterns in addition to Microsoft Active Accessibility properties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-153">Inspect also enables you to test the navigational structure of the automation elements in the UI Automation tree, and the accessible objects in the Microsoft Active Accessibility hierarchy</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-153">Inspect also enables you to test the navigational structure of the automation elements in the UI Automation tree, and the accessible objects in the Microsoft Active Accessibility hierarchy</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-154">[Accessible Event Watcher (AccEvent.exe)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/dd317979\(v=vs.85\).aspx)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-154">[Accessible Event Watcher (AccEvent.exe)](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/windows/desktop/dd317979\(v=vs.85\).aspx)</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-155">The Accessible Event Watcher (AccEvent) tool allows developers and testers to validate that an application's UI elements raise appropriate Microsoft UI Automation and Microsoft Active Accessibility events when UI changes occur.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-155">The Accessible Event Watcher (AccEvent) tool allows developers and testers to validate that an application's UI elements raise appropriate Microsoft UI Automation and Microsoft Active Accessibility events when UI changes occur.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-156">Changes in the UI can occur when the focus changes, or when a UI element is invoked, selected, or has a state or property change.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-156">Changes in the UI can occur when the focus changes, or when a UI element is invoked, selected, or has a state or property change.</span></span>  
  
<a name="BKMK_AdditionalResources"></a>   
## <a name="additional-resources"></a><span data-ttu-id="e51b0-157">Tài nguyên bổ sung</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-157">Additional resources</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-158">The following resources provide a starting point for defining requirements for making your web resources accessible:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-158">The following resources provide a starting point for defining requirements for making your web resources accessible:</span></span>  
  
-   [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-159">CRM, Accessibility, and 508</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-159">CRM, Accessibility, and 508</span></span>](http://blogs.msdn.com/b/devkeydet/archive/2013/01/29/crm-accessibility-and-508.aspx)  
  
-   [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-160">Introduction to Web Accessibility</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-160">Introduction to Web Accessibility</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/windows/gg671915)  
  
-   [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-161">Accessibility in Visual Studio and ASP.NET</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-161">Accessibility in Visual Studio and ASP.NET</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ms228004)  
  
-   [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-162">Silverlight Accessibility for Developers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-162">Silverlight Accessibility for Developers</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/windows/gg591270)  
  
-   [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-163">Accessibility Overview</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-163">Accessibility Overview</span></span>](https://msdn.microsoft.com/windows/bb735024.aspx)  
  
-   [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-164">Accessibility - W3C</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-164">Accessibility - W3C</span></span>](http://www.w3.org/standards/webdesign/accessibility)  
  
-   [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-165">Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-165">Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0</span></span>](http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/)  
  
### <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="e51b0-166">Xem thêm</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-166">See also</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-167">[Web Page (HTML) Web Resources](webpage-html-web-resources.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-167">[Web Page (HTML) Web Resources](webpage-html-web-resources.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="e51b0-168">[Silverlight (XAP) Web Resources](silverlight-xap-web-resources.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-168">[Silverlight (XAP) Web Resources](silverlight-xap-web-resources.md) </span></span>  
 [<span data-ttu-id="e51b0-169">Web Resources for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="e51b0-169">Web Resources for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps</span></span>](web-resources.md)
