---
title: Entitlement entities (Developer Guide for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement) | MicrosoftDocs
description: Learn about entitlement entities that allow you to set a default entitlement for a customer and control entitlement terms for incidents.
ms.custom: ''
ms.date: 10/31/2017
ms.reviewer: ''
ms.service: crm-online
ms.suite: ''
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ''
ms.topic: article
applies_to:
- Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement (online)
ms.assetid: 30023495-fc7e-4b42-aa61-29d43647606a
caps.latest.revision: 20
author: KumarVivek
ms.author: kvivek
manager: amyla
search.audienceType:
- developer
search.app:
- D365CE
ms.openlocfilehash: 4d63e1a9acec4e3df9c7f8ebab7926db7b85a686
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9f0efd59de16a6d9902fa372cb25fc0baf1c2838
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: vi-VN
ms.lasthandoff: 01/08/2019
ms.locfileid: "387729"
---
# <a name="entitlement-entities"></a><span data-ttu-id="0630d-103">Entitlement entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-103">Entitlement entities</span></span>

[!INCLUDE[](../includes/cc_applies_to_update_9_0_0.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="0630d-104">Entitlements specify the support term based on number of hours or number of cases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-104">Entitlements specify the support term based on number of hours or number of cases.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-105">Mức hỗ trợ của khách hàng có thể khác nhau dựa trên sản phẩm hay dịch vụ mà khách hàng đã mua.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-105">The customer’s support level can vary based on the product or service that the customer has purchased.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-106">Khách hàng đã mua những sản phẩm khác nhau có thể có quyền hưởng nhiều mức hỗ trợ khác nhau.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-106">Customers who’ve purchased different products can be entitled to different support levels.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-107">Thông tin này giúp tổng đài viên hỗ trợ khách hàng xác minh khách hàng đủ điều kiện cho quyền nào và dựa vào đó tạo trường hợp cho họ.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-107">This information helps the customer support agents verify what the customers are eligible for and create cases for them accordingly.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="0630d-108">Entitlement channel records contain the total terms and remaining terms for each channel in an entitlement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-108">Entitlement channel records contain the total terms and remaining terms for each channel in an entitlement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-109">Default channels include Phone, Email, Web, [!INCLUDE[tn_facebook](../includes/tn-facebook.md)], and [!INCLUDE[tn_twitter](../includes/tn-twitter.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-109">Default channels include Phone, Email, Web, [!INCLUDE[tn_facebook](../includes/tn-facebook.md)], and [!INCLUDE[tn_twitter](../includes/tn-twitter.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-110">You can add custom channels by editing the `incident_caseorigincode` global option set.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-110">You can add custom channels by editing the `incident_caseorigincode` global option set.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="0630d-111">Use entitlement templates and entitlement template channels to create entitlements prefilled with the basic information like the start and end date, service level agreement (SLA), allocation type, and total term.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-111">Use entitlement templates and entitlement template channels to create entitlements prefilled with the basic information like the start and end date, service level agreement (SLA), allocation type, and total term.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-112">You can also relate entitlement channels and products to entitlement templates.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-112">You can also relate entitlement channels and products to entitlement templates.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-113">Ví dụ, tạo mẫu cho một quyền lợi tiêu chuẩn, và sau đó áp dụng mẫu này cho mọi khách hàng tiêu chuẩn trong tổ chức của bạn.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-113">For example, create a template for a standard entitlement, and then apply this template for every standard customer in your organization.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="0630d-114">If you’re using [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] or [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_2016_onprem](../includes/pn-crm-2016-onprem.md)] or later, you can also:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-114">If you’re using [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] or [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_2016_onprem](../includes/pn-crm-2016-onprem.md)] or later, you can also:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="0630d-115">**Set a default entitlement for a customer**: When you create or update an incident (case) for the customer, the default entitlement is automatically applied to the incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-115">**Set a default entitlement for a customer**: When you create or update an incident (case) for the customer, the default entitlement is automatically applied to the incident.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-116">For incident updates, the default entitlement is automatically applied only if you are updating the customer, contact, or product information for an incident record.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-116">For incident updates, the default entitlement is automatically applied only if you are updating the customer, contact, or product information for an incident record.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-117">This is especially useful when you have a single entitlement per customer in your organization, and want the default entitlement to be automatically applied to the incidents that are created or updated for each customer instead of the customer service representatives having to manually select the entitlement, and apply it to the incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-117">This is especially useful when you have a single entitlement per customer in your organization, and want the default entitlement to be automatically applied to the incidents that are created or updated for each customer instead of the customer service representatives having to manually select the entitlement, and apply it to the incident.</span></span>  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="0630d-118">Use the `Entitlement.IsDefault` attribute to specify the default entitlement for a customer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-118">Use the `Entitlement.IsDefault` attribute to specify the default entitlement for a customer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-119">Only an active entitlement for a customer can be set as the default entitlement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-119">Only an active entitlement for a customer can be set as the default entitlement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-120">If an entitlement is already set as default for a customer, setting another entitlement as default for the customer will override the existing one, and set the new entitlement as default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-120">If an entitlement is already set as default for a customer, setting another entitlement as default for the customer will override the existing one, and set the new entitlement as default.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-121">For the default entitlement for a customer to be applied automatically to all the new or modified incidents for the customer, the `Organization.AutoApplyDefaultonCaseCreate` and `Organization.AutoApplyDefaultonCaseUpdate` attributes must be set to 1 (true).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-121">For the default entitlement for a customer to be applied automatically to all the new or modified incidents for the customer, the `Organization.AutoApplyDefaultonCaseCreate` and `Organization.AutoApplyDefaultonCaseUpdate` attributes must be set to 1 (true).</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="0630d-122">**Control entitlement terms for incidents (cases)**: When an incident is created and an entitlement is applied to it, the entitlement terms from the associated entitlement are decremented.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-122">**Control entitlement terms for incidents (cases)**: When an incident is created and an entitlement is applied to it, the entitlement terms from the associated entitlement are decremented.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-123">However, at times you don’t want the entitlement terms to be decremented for an incident (for example, faulty part is installed).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-123">However, at times you don’t want the entitlement terms to be decremented for an incident (for example, faulty part is installed).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-124">To prevent the entitlement terms to be decremented for an incident, set the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` attribute to 0 (false).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-124">To prevent the entitlement terms to be decremented for an incident, set the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` attribute to 0 (false).</span></span>  
  
     <span data-ttu-id="0630d-125">If you accidentally prevented the entitlement terms to be decremented for a case, you can revert it as follows:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-125">If you accidentally prevented the entitlement terms to be decremented for a case, you can revert it as follows:</span></span>  
  
  - <span data-ttu-id="0630d-126">If the associated entitlement is configured to have its remaining term decremented on case creation, setting the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` attribute back to 1 (true) won’t decrement the entitlement term automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-126">If the associated entitlement is configured to have its remaining term decremented on case creation, setting the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` attribute back to 1 (true) won’t decrement the entitlement term automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-127">You have to explicitly decrement from the remaining terms of the associated entitlement using workflow or programmatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-127">You have to explicitly decrement from the remaining terms of the associated entitlement using workflow or programmatically.</span></span>  
  
  - <span data-ttu-id="0630d-128">If the associated entitlement is configured to have its remaining term decremented on case resolution, set the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` back to 1 (true).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-128">If the associated entitlement is configured to have its remaining term decremented on case resolution, set the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` back to 1 (true).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-129">This ensures that the entitlement terms get decremented when the case is resolved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-129">This ensures that the entitlement terms get decremented when the case is resolved.</span></span>  
  
    <span data-ttu-id="0630d-130">To set the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` attribute for an incident record, you must have the privileges on the incident record, and have the new `prvControlDecrementTerm` privilege.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-130">To set the `Incident.DecrementEntitlementTerm` attribute for an incident record, you must have the privileges on the incident record, and have the new `prvControlDecrementTerm` privilege.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="0630d-131">By default, the `prvControlDecrementTerm` privilege is available to only System Administrator and CSR Manager roles.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-131">By default, the `prvControlDecrementTerm` privilege is available to only System Administrator and CSR Manager roles.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="in-this-section"></a><span data-ttu-id="0630d-132">In This Section</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-132">In This Section</span></span>  
 [<span data-ttu-id="0630d-133">Entitlement Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-133">Entitlement Entity</span></span>](entities/entitlement.md)  
  
 [<span data-ttu-id="0630d-134">EntitlementChannel Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-134">EntitlementChannel Entity</span></span>](entities/entitlementchannel.md)  
  
 [<span data-ttu-id="0630d-135">EntitlementTemplate Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-135">EntitlementTemplate Entity</span></span>](entities/entitlementtemplate.md)  
  
 [<span data-ttu-id="0630d-136">EntitlementTemplateChannel Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-136">EntitlementTemplateChannel Entity</span></span>](entities/entitlementtemplatechannel.md)  
  
## <a name="related-sections"></a><span data-ttu-id="0630d-137">Các phần liên quan</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-137">Related Sections</span></span>  
 [<span data-ttu-id="0630d-138">Incident (Case) Entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="0630d-138">Incident (Case) Entities</span></span>](incident-case-entities.md)
