---
title: Resource entities (Developer Guide for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement)| MicrosoftDocs
ms.custom: ''
ms.date: 10/31/2017
ms.reviewer: ''
ms.service: crm-online
ms.suite: ''
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ''
ms.topic: article
applies_to:
- Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement (online)
helpviewer_keywords:
- resources, definition
- resources, resource calendars
- resource entities, introduction
- resources, constraint-based resource groups
- schedule and appointment entities, resource entities
- resources, resource groups
- resources
- resources, resource specifications
- resource entities, scheduling engines
ms.assetid: 1b5c3bca-66b8-4ff3-8f53-db1021bcf95c
caps.latest.revision: 16
author: JimDaly
ms.author: jdaly
manager: amyla
search.audienceType:
- developer
search.app:
- D365CE
ms.openlocfilehash: 0f0f2a0c0f52cb686e8f42ff6ced07716edd0d90
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9f0efd59de16a6d9902fa372cb25fc0baf1c2838
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: vi-VN
ms.lasthandoff: 01/08/2019
ms.locfileid: "385542"
---
# <a name="resource-entities"></a><span data-ttu-id="9949f-102">Resource entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-102">Resource entities</span></span>

[!INCLUDE[](../includes/cc_applies_to_update_9_0_0.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="9949f-103">Resources represent the people, tools, rooms, or pieces of equipment that are used to deliver a service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-103">Resources represent the people, tools, rooms, or pieces of equipment that are used to deliver a service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-104">Resources are collected into resource groups with similar attributes to make them easier to work with by adding the resources to a constraint based group (resource group).In [!INCLUDE[pn_microsoftcrm](../includes/pn-microsoftcrm.md)], resources are categorized as Users or Facilities/Equipment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-104">Resources are collected into resource groups with similar attributes to make them easier to work with by adding the resources to a constraint based group (resource group).In [!INCLUDE[pn_microsoftcrm](../includes/pn-microsoftcrm.md)], resources are categorized as Users or Facilities/Equipment.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="9949f-105">A resource is an entity that can be scheduled.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-105">A resource is an entity that can be scheduled.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-106">Examples of resources include employees, contacts, customers, knowledge workers, or physical assets like equipment.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-106">Examples of resources include employees, contacts, customers, knowledge workers, or physical assets like equipment.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-107">In the [!INCLUDE[cc-dyn365-ce-web-services](../includes/cc-dyn365-ce-web-services.md)], resources are represented by the system user (user) and equipment (facility/equipment) entities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-107">In the [!INCLUDE[cc-dyn365-ce-web-services](../includes/cc-dyn365-ce-web-services.md)], resources are represented by the system user (user) and equipment (facility/equipment) entities.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-108">As resources, these entities also have a site property that can affect scheduling.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-108">As resources, these entities also have a site property that can affect scheduling.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="9949f-109">A resource also has its own calendar that defines working hours and constraints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-109">A resource also has its own calendar that defines working hours and constraints.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-110">Upon creation, if a calendar is not specified for a resource, a calendar with 24 hours a day, seven days a week availability is created by default.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-110">Upon creation, if a calendar is not specified for a resource, a calendar with 24 hours a day, seven days a week availability is created by default.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="9949f-111">Resources support multiple concurrent appointments.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-111">Resources support multiple concurrent appointments.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-112">This is supported by using the capacity set in the calendar rule for a calendar.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-112">This is supported by using the capacity set in the calendar rule for a calendar.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-113">A resource calendar describes not only when a resource is not available but also describes the resource effort available (capacity) and, optionally, the effort required (service cost).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-113">A resource calendar describes not only when a resource is not available but also describes the resource effort available (capacity) and, optionally, the effort required (service cost).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-114">This is defined on a resource specification for services it supports.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-114">This is defined on a resource specification for services it supports.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-115">The resource specification is a required component of the service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-115">The resource specification is a required component of the service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-116">It cannot be scheduled without specifying schedulable resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-116">It cannot be scheduled without specifying schedulable resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-117">These are evaluated by the scheduling engine when it is searching for resource availability for a particular appointment request.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-117">These are evaluated by the scheduling engine when it is searching for resource availability for a particular appointment request.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-118">The resource is responsible for keeping its appointment book and responding to the scheduling engine only for existing commitments, calendar restrictions, and constraints.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-118">The resource is responsible for keeping its appointment book and responding to the scheduling engine only for existing commitments, calendar restrictions, and constraints.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="9949f-119">A resource specification is an entity that chooses members in a group or team.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-119">A resource specification is an entity that chooses members in a group or team.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-120">It is also the link between a service and its resources and can be contained within a resource group to allow for nesting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-120">It is also the link between a service and its resources and can be contained within a resource group to allow for nesting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-121">For more information, see the diagram in [Working with Schedules and Appointments](schedule-appointment-entities.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-121">For more information, see the diagram in [Working with Schedules and Appointments](schedule-appointment-entities.md).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-122">A resource specification defines the number and method for selecting resources within a group in addition to the effort required for a given service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-122">A resource specification defines the number and method for selecting resources within a group in addition to the effort required for a given service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-123">Each service has exactly one resource specification but many services may share the same resource specification.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-123">Each service has exactly one resource specification but many services may share the same resource specification.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="9949f-124">Resources can be grouped together to form a pool of available resource groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-124">Resources can be grouped together to form a pool of available resource groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-125">Resource groups can contain user resources, equipment resources, teams and other resource groups, and enable the scheduling engine to select an available resource from a pool of resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-125">Resource groups can contain user resources, equipment resources, teams and other resource groups, and enable the scheduling engine to select an available resource from a pool of resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-126">For example, one group could include all resources that have the skill of "Doctor."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-126">For example, one group could include all resources that have the skill of "Doctor."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-127">Another resource group could include all resources that have the skill of "Nurse."</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-127">Another resource group could include all resources that have the skill of "Nurse."</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-128">You can then define a resource specification that specifies one from the Doctors group and another that specifies two from the Nurses group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-128">You can then define a resource specification that specifies one from the Doctors group and another that specifies two from the Nurses group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-129">You can now define a new resource group called a "Surgery Crew," which includes these two resource specifications, one from Doctors and two from Nurses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-129">You can now define a new resource group called a "Surgery Crew," which includes these two resource specifications, one from Doctors and two from Nurses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-130">A "Surgery" service can now refer to a resource specification that refers to this resource group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-130">A "Surgery" service can now refer to a resource specification that refers to this resource group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-131">This is one example of how to quickly build a well-defined set of resource rules to participate in a service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-131">This is one example of how to quickly build a well-defined set of resource rules to participate in a service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="9949f-132">A service may define requirements on the resource group as a whole, for example, any from the group, all from the group, or a subset.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-132">A service may define requirements on the resource group as a whole, for example, any from the group, all from the group, or a subset.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="related-sections"></a><span data-ttu-id="9949f-133">Các phần liên quan</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-133">Related Sections</span></span>  
 [<span data-ttu-id="9949f-134">Sample Code for Schedule and Appointment Entities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-134">Sample Code for Schedule and Appointment Entities</span></span>](sample-code-schedule-appointment-entities.md)  
  
 [<span data-ttu-id="9949f-135">Service Entity</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="9949f-135">Service Entity</span></span>](service-entity.md)
