---
title: Use Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement web services (Developer Guide for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps)| MicrosoftDocs
description: This topic introduces available web service APIs that you will use when you write programs for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement (online) Customer Engagement and provides basic information to understand and compare them
ms.custom: ''
ms.date: 11/28/2017
ms.reviewer: ''
ms.service: crm-online
ms.suite: ''
ms.tgt_pltfrm: ''
ms.topic: get-started-article
applies_to:
- Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement (online)
ms.assetid: fd004500-99bf-4391-84ae-b1e41a2ecd77
caps.latest.revision: 14
author: JimDaly
ms.author: jdaly
manager: amyla
search.audienceType:
- developer
search.app:
- D365CE
ms.openlocfilehash: 36615a186c904f3aa5f51e65f60ea38a97f0e4fe
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9f0efd59de16a6d9902fa372cb25fc0baf1c2838
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: vi-VN
ms.lasthandoff: 01/08/2019
ms.locfileid: "386302"
---
# <a name="use-dynamics-365-for-customer-engagement-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="b0110-103">Use Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-103">Use Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement web services</span></span>

[!INCLUDE[](../includes/cc_applies_to_update_9_0_0.md)]

<span data-ttu-id="b0110-104">Web services provide APIs that you’ll use when you write programs for [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] Customer Engagement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-104">Web services provide APIs that you’ll use when you write programs for [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] Customer Engagement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-105">This topic introduces available web services and provides basic information to understand and compare them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-105">This topic introduces available web services and provides basic information to understand and compare them.</span></span>  
  
<a name="bkmk_webapi"></a>

## <a name="web-api"></a><span data-ttu-id="b0110-106">API Web</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-106">Web API</span></span>  

 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-107">The Web API was introduced with version 8.0 and was incrementally updated to provide parity with the Organization service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-107">The Web API was introduced with version 8.0 and was incrementally updated to provide parity with the Organization service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-108">With this release parity was achieved.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-108">With this release parity was achieved.</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-109">Compared to the Organization service, the Web API provides better compatibility across a wide variety of programming languages, platforms, and devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-109">Compared to the Organization service, the Web API provides better compatibility across a wide variety of programming languages, platforms, and devices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-110">The Web API implements the OData (Open Data Protocol) v4.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-110">The Web API implements the OData (Open Data Protocol) v4.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-111">OData is an OASIS standard for building and consuming RESTful APIs over rich data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-111">OData is an OASIS standard for building and consuming RESTful APIs over rich data sources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-112">You can learn more at the [OData protocol](http://www.odata.org/) and the [OASIS standard](https://www.oasis-open.org/standards#odatav4.0) websites.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-112">You can learn more at the [OData protocol](http://www.odata.org/) and the [OASIS standard](https://www.oasis-open.org/standards#odatav4.0) websites.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-113">Because the Web API is built on open standards, you aren’t required to use client libraries specific to [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-113">Because the Web API is built on open standards, you aren’t required to use client libraries specific to [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-114">You can choose to compose HTTP requests for specific operations or use third-party libraries to generate classes for whatever language or platform you want to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-114">You can choose to compose HTTP requests for specific operations or use third-party libraries to generate classes for whatever language or platform you want to use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-115">View a [list of available libraries](http://www.odata.org/libraries/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-115">View a [list of available libraries](http://www.odata.org/libraries/).</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-116">Eventually the Web API will replace the Organization service and Organization Data service but both of these existing web services will be available to enable a gradual transition to a single Web API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-116">Eventually the Web API will replace the Organization service and Organization Data service but both of these existing web services will be available to enable a gradual transition to a single Web API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-117">The Web API should be your first choice for new development that will support [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] and future versions of [!INCLUDE[pn_CRM_Online](../includes/pn-crm-online.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-117">The Web API should be your first choice for new development that will support [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)] and future versions of [!INCLUDE[pn_CRM_Online](../includes/pn-crm-online.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-118">Use the Web API for any projects that access [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] data with code that doesn’t run on the server, including requests from web resources and form scripts that run in [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] application clients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-118">Use the Web API for any projects that access [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] data with code that doesn’t run on the server, including requests from web resources and form scripts that run in [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] application clients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-119">At this time you can’t easily use the Web API for code that runs on the server, such as in plug-ins or workflow assemblies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-119">At this time you can’t easily use the Web API for code that runs on the server, such as in plug-ins or workflow assemblies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-120">You should continue to use the Organization service for these purposes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-120">You should continue to use the Organization service for these purposes.</span></span>
  
 [!INCLUDE[proc_more_information](../includes/proc-more-information.md)] <span data-ttu-id="b0110-121">[Use the Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement Web API](use-microsoft-dynamics-365-web-api.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-121">[Use the Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement Web API](use-microsoft-dynamics-365-web-api.md).</span></span>  
  
<a name="bkmk_organizationservice"></a>

## <a name="organization-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="b0110-122">Organization service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-122">Organization service</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b0110-123">The Organization service has been available since [!INCLUDE[pn_CRM_2011](../includes/pn-crm-2011.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-123">The Organization service has been available since [!INCLUDE[pn_CRM_2011](../includes/pn-crm-2011.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-124">It’s the web service that most developers working with [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] are already familiar with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-124">It’s the web service that most developers working with [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] are already familiar with.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-125">The Organization service is optimized for use with .NET.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-125">The Organization service is optimized for use with .NET.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-126">There are a set of .NET assemblies and tools to allow you to generate strongly typed classes and proxies that streamline the development process and enjoy a better development experience using [!INCLUDE[pn_Visual_Studio](../includes/pn-visual-studio.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-126">There are a set of .NET assemblies and tools to allow you to generate strongly typed classes and proxies that streamline the development process and enjoy a better development experience using [!INCLUDE[pn_Visual_Studio](../includes/pn-visual-studio.md)].</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b0110-127">The .NET assemblies for the Organization service currently use a 2011 SOAP endpoint which has been deprecated.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-127">The .NET assemblies for the Organization service currently use a 2011 SOAP endpoint which has been deprecated.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-128">The SDK assemblies will eventually be migrated to internally use the Web API instead of the 2011 SOAP endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-128">The SDK assemblies will eventually be migrated to internally use the Web API instead of the 2011 SOAP endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-129">When this happens, any code written using the SDK assemblies will continue to be supported as it will automatically transfer from the 2011 SOAP endpoint to use the Web API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-129">When this happens, any code written using the SDK assemblies will continue to be supported as it will automatically transfer from the 2011 SOAP endpoint to use the Web API.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-130">This update will be fully transparent to you; additional details will be published in future SDK releases.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-130">This update will be fully transparent to you; additional details will be published in future SDK releases.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="b0110-131">See [Choose your development style for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps](choose-development-style.md) for guidance about whether to use the Organization service or Web API.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-131">See [Choose your development style for Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps](choose-development-style.md) for guidance about whether to use the Organization service or Web API.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="b0110-132">If you’re a .NET developer with no requirements to support other platforms, you don’t have to move to the Web API right away.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-132">If you’re a .NET developer with no requirements to support other platforms, you don’t have to move to the Web API right away.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-133">You’ll need to use the Organization service to support any functionality you want to deploy to organizations using versions of [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] released before [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-133">You’ll need to use the Organization service to support any functionality you want to deploy to organizations using versions of [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] released before [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)].</span></span>  
  
<span data-ttu-id="b0110-134">Business logic that runs in plug-ins or workflow assemblies on the server expect to use the Organization service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-134">Business logic that runs in plug-ins or workflow assemblies on the server expect to use the Organization service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-135">Input and output parameters use specific classes defined with the assemblies that support the Organization service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-135">Input and output parameters use specific classes defined with the assemblies that support the Organization service.</span></span>  
  
[!INCLUDE[proc_more_information](../includes/proc-more-information.md)] <span data-ttu-id="b0110-136">[Use the Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement Organization service](use-microsoft-dynamics-365-organization-service.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-136">[Use the Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement Organization service](use-microsoft-dynamics-365-organization-service.md)</span></span>  
  
<a name="bkmk_organizationdataservice"></a>
 
## <a name="organization-data-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="b0110-137">Organization Data service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-137">Organization Data service</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-138">The Organization Data service, also sometimes known as the “OData” or “REST” endpoint has also been available since [!INCLUDE[pn_CRM_2011](../includes/pn-crm-2011.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-138">The Organization Data service, also sometimes known as the “OData” or “REST” endpoint has also been available since [!INCLUDE[pn_CRM_2011](../includes/pn-crm-2011.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-139">This service implemented the OData v2 standard.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-139">This service implemented the OData v2 standard.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-140">While this service will continue to be available as-is for years to come, we are deprecating it with [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)].</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-140">While this service will continue to be available as-is for years to come, we are deprecating it with [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm_online](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm-online.md)].</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-141">The Organization Data service has always been limited to performing create, read, update, and delete operations and never supported the ability to call specialized messages used in the Organization service, so it could never reach parity with the functionality of the Organization service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-141">The Organization Data service has always been limited to performing create, read, update, and delete operations and never supported the ability to call specialized messages used in the Organization service, so it could never reach parity with the functionality of the Organization service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-142">Changes implemented in the OData standards between v2 and v4 do not allow for upgrading the service to meet the requirements of a service that has parity with the Organization Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-142">Changes implemented in the OData standards between v2 and v4 do not allow for upgrading the service to meet the requirements of a service that has parity with the Organization Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-143">We were able to apply a lot of the feedback we received about the Organization Data Service and apply it to make the Web API better.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-143">We were able to apply a lot of the feedback we received about the Organization Data Service and apply it to make the Web API better.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-144">This release of the [!INCLUDE [pn-sdk](../includes/pn-sdk.md)] does not include information about the Organization Data Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-144">This release of the [!INCLUDE [pn-sdk](../includes/pn-sdk.md)] does not include information about the Organization Data Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-145">You can find information about the Organization Data Service in the documentation for the [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_2015](../includes/pn-crm-2015.md)] release at [Use the OData endpoint with web resources](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/gg334279\(v=crm.7\).aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-145">You can find information about the Organization Data Service in the documentation for the [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_2015](../includes/pn-crm-2015.md)] release at [Use the OData endpoint with web resources](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/gg334279\(v=crm.7\).aspx).</span></span>  
  
<a name="bkmk_discovery"></a>   
## <a name="discovery-web-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="b0110-146">Discovery web services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-146">Discovery web services</span></span>  
 [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] <span data-ttu-id="b0110-147">is a multi-tenant application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-147">is a multi-tenant application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-148">This means that a single deployment can host multiple instances of [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_shortest](../includes/pn-crm-shortest.md)], each with its own data, each available via a different URL.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-148">This means that a single deployment can host multiple instances of [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_shortest](../includes/pn-crm-shortest.md)], each with its own data, each available via a different URL.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-149">Additionally, especially when [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] servers are hosted in a data center, the specific server can change as resources are moved or load balanced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-149">Additionally, especially when [!INCLUDE[pn_dynamics_crm](../includes/pn-dynamics-crm.md)] servers are hosted in a data center, the specific server can change as resources are moved or load balanced.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-150">Discovery web services provide a way for a client to detect which servers and organizations are available for a user to connect to based on their user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-150">Discovery web services provide a way for a client to detect which servers and organizations are available for a user to connect to based on their user account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-151">You can choose to use either the Web API Discovery service or the IDiscoveryService web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-151">You can choose to use either the Web API Discovery service or the IDiscoveryService web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-152">The Web API Discovery service provides the same benefits as the Web API, it is easier to consume for a wider range of programming languages, platforms, and devices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-152">The Web API Discovery service provides the same benefits as the Web API, it is easier to consume for a wider range of programming languages, platforms, and devices.</span></span>  
  
 [!INCLUDE[proc_more_information](../includes/proc-more-information.md)] <span data-ttu-id="b0110-153">[Discover the URL for your organization using the Web API](webapi/discover-url-organization-web-api.md) or [Discover the URL for Your Organization With IDiscoveryService Web Service](org-service/discover-url-organization-organization-service.md)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-153">[Discover the URL for your organization using the Web API](webapi/discover-url-organization-web-api.md) or [Discover the URL for Your Organization With IDiscoveryService Web Service](org-service/discover-url-organization-organization-service.md)</span></span>  
  
<a name="bkmk_deployment"></a>   
## <a name="deployment-web-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="b0110-154">Deployment web service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-154">Deployment web service</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-155">For [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_op_edition](../includes/pn-crm-onprem.md)] you can perform actions to manage your deployment programmatically using the Deployment web service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-155">For [!INCLUDE[pn_crm_op_edition](../includes/pn-crm-onprem.md)] you can perform actions to manage your deployment programmatically using the Deployment web service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-156">These are essentially the same operations you can perform on the server using the Deployment manager tool client installed on the server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-156">These are essentially the same operations you can perform on the server using the Deployment manager tool client installed on the server.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-157">You can create, import, or delete organizations as well as apply certain settings in code.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-157">You can create, import, or delete organizations as well as apply certain settings in code.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="b0110-158">This may be useful when you want to automate certain processes if you are providing a hosting service or if you want to automate creation of environments for testing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-158">This may be useful when you want to automate certain processes if you are providing a hosting service or if you want to automate creation of environments for testing.</span></span>  
  
  
### <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="b0110-159">Xem thêm</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-159">See also</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-160">[Connect to Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps](connect-customer-engagement.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-160">[Connect to Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps](connect-customer-engagement.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-161">[Authenticate users to Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps](authenticate-users.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-161">[Authenticate users to Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement apps](authenticate-users.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-162">[Use Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement web services](use-microsoft-dynamics-365-web-services.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-162">[Use Dynamics 365 for Customer Engagement web services](use-microsoft-dynamics-365-web-services.md) </span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="b0110-163">[Build Windows client applications using the XRM tools](build-windows-client-applications-xrm-tools.md) </span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-163">[Build Windows client applications using the XRM tools](build-windows-client-applications-xrm-tools.md) </span></span>  
 [<span data-ttu-id="b0110-164">Viết ứng dụng hiện đại và di động</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="b0110-164">Write mobile and modern apps</span></span>](write-mobile-modern-apps.md)
